frontend/README.md, before:

# Nuxt Minimal Starter

Look at the [Nuxt documentation](https://nuxt.com/docs/getting-started/introduction) to learn more.

## Setup

Make sure to install dependencies:

```bash
# npm
npm install

# pnpm
pnpm install

# yarn
yarn install

# bun
bun install
```

## Development Server

Start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`:

```bash
# npm
npm run dev

# pnpm
pnpm dev

# yarn
yarn dev

# bun
bun run dev
```

## Production

Build the application for production:

```bash
# npm
npm run build

# pnpm
pnpm build

# yarn
yarn build

# bun
bun run build
```

Locally preview production build:

```bash
# npm
npm run preview

# pnpm
pnpm preview

# yarn
yarn preview

# bun
bun run preview
```

Check out the [deployment documentation](https://nuxt.com/docs/getting-started/deployment) for more information.

# TODO

-   Add minimum length of text messages
-   New message badge
-   Add seo and title tags
-   Add button to refresh messages
-   add notifications
-   add size limit to media contents

Commit message:

Add is_read field to messages
-   Add is_read field to messages
-   Add "New" badge to unread messages in frontend

frontend/README.md, after:

# Nuxt Minimal Starter

Look at the [Nuxt documentation](https://nuxt.com/docs/getting-started/introduction) to learn more.

## Setup

Make sure to install dependencies:

```bash
# npm
npm install

# pnpm
pnpm install

# yarn
yarn install

# bun
bun install
```

## Development Server

Start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`:

```bash
# npm
npm run dev

# pnpm
pnpm dev

# yarn
yarn dev

# bun
bun run dev
```

## Production

Build the application for production:

```bash
# npm
npm run build

# pnpm
pnpm build

# yarn
yarn build

# bun
bun run build
```

Locally preview production build:

```bash
# npm
npm run preview

# pnpm
pnpm preview

# yarn
yarn preview

# bun
bun run preview
```

Check out the [deployment documentation](https://nuxt.com/docs/getting-started/deployment) for more information.

# TODO

-   Handle deleteing message and the toast that shows null when deleting media
-   Add seo and title tags
-   Add button to refresh messages
-   add notifications
-   add size limit to media contents
